Cargo: bump llvm-ir (#211)
trailofbits/siderophile: README.md

    [...]
```

"Badness" of a function is simply an approximation of how many unsafe
expressions are evaluated during an evaluation of that function. For instance,
marking unsafe functions with a `*`, suppose your function `f` calls functions
`g*` and `h`. Furthermore, `h` calls `i*`. Then the badness of `f` is 2.
Functions with high badness have a lot of opportunities to be memory unsafe.

## Installation

Siderophile is [available via crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/siderophile),
and can be installed with `cargo`:

```console

> $ cargo install siderophile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cargo install siderophile
```
`$` don't play nicely with GitHub's click-to-copy feature. So I recommend not including them.

```

When you run that step, you *may* see an error from the `llvm-sys` crate:

```console
error: No suitable version of LLVM was found system-wide or pointed
              to by LLVM_SYS_140_PREFIX.

              Consider using `llvmenv` to compile an appropriate copy of LLVM, and
              refer to the llvm-sys documentation for more information.

              llvm-sys: https://crates.io/crates/llvm-sys
              llvmenv: https://crates.io/crates/llvmenv
   --> /Users/william/.cargo/registry/src/github.com-1ecc6299db9ec823/llvm-sys-140.0.2/src/lib.rs:487:1
    |
487 | / std::compile_error!(concat!(
488 | |     "No suitable version of LLVM was found system-wide or pointed
489 | |        to by LLVM_SYS_",
490 | |     env!("CARGO_PKG_VERSION_MAJOR"),
...   |
497 | |        llvmenv: https://crates.io/crates/llvmenv"
498 | | ));
    | |__^

error: could not compile `llvm-sys` due to previous error
```

This indicates that the build was unable to automatically find a copy of LLVM to link against.

You can fix it by setting the `LLVM_SYS_140_PREFIX`. For example, for macOS with LLVM via
Homebrew, you might do:

```console

> $ LLVM_SYS_140_PREFIX=$(brew --prefix)/opt/llvm/ cargo install siderophile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LLVM_SYS_140_PREFIX=$(brew --prefix)/opt/llvm/ cargo install siderophile
```

```

### Building and installing from source

Alternatively, if you'd like to build from source:

```console

> $ git clone https://github.com/trailofbits/siderophile && cd siderophile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/trailofbits/siderophile && cd siderophile
```

# TIP: include --release for a release build

> $ cargo build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cargo build
```

# optionally: install the built binary to cargo's default bin path

> $ cargo install --path .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cargo install --path .
```

```

## How to use

Make sure that you followed the above steps, then do the following:

1. `cd` to the root directory of the crate you want to analyze

2. Run `siderophile --crate-name CRATENAME`,
   where `CRATENAME` is the name of the crate you want to analyze

Functions are written to `stdout`, ordered by their badness.

## How it works

Siderophile extends `cargo-geiger`, whose goal is to find unsafety at the crate-level.

First, the callgraph is created by having `cargo` output the crate's bitcode,
then parsing it to produce a callgraph and demangle the names into things that
we can match with the source code.

Next, Siderophile finds all the sources of the current crate, finds every
Rust file in the sources, and parses each file individually using the `syn`
crate. Each file is recursively combed through for unsafety occurring in
functions, trait declarations, trait implementations, and submodules.
Siderophile will output the path of these objects, along with an indication
of what type of syntactic block they were found in. The list received from this
step contains every unsafe block in every dependency of the crate, regardless

> of whether it's used. To narrow this down, we need to compare Siderophile's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of whether it's used. To narrow this down, Siderophile needs to compare its
```

list to nodes in the callgraph of the crate.

> Using the callgraph produced in the first step, we check which elements from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the callgraph produced in the first step, Siderophile checks which elements from the
```

> Siderophile output are actually executed from the crate in question. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
output are actually executed from the crate in question. This
```
Just to eliminate the repeated "Siderophile."

step (implemented in `src/callgraph_matching`) is not guaranteed to find
everything, but it has shown good results against manual search. It is also not
immune to false positives, although none have been found yet. The labels of the
nodes that are found to be unsafe are used as input for the final step.

The final step is to trace these unsafe nodes in the callgraph. For each node
in the list, Siderophile will find every upstream node in the callgraph, and
increment their badness by one, thus indicating that they use unsafety at some
point in their execution. At the end of this process, all the nodes with nonzero
badness are printed out, sorted in descending order by badness.

## Limitations

Siderophile is _not_ guaranteed to catch all the unsafety in a crate's deps.

> Since things are only tagged at a source-level, we do not have the ability to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since things are only tagged at a source-level, Sierophile does not have the ability to
```
